hey guys what's going on gasps a Mexican
here and this video is kind of a special
video for you guys I get a lot of
questions from you asking me what
equipment to use what software and stuff
like that especially a lot of times it's
people asking about PC gaming and what's
the best software out there or a good
piece of software that's not super
expensive to use the record PC games and
this video happens to touch on that very
subject recording PC games a company
named marilla's contacted me a little
while back asking me to check out their
program called action and I did and it's
surprisingly a very good program so they
said you know if I liked it feel pretty
do a review video and you know check it
out and share with you guys so that's
exactly what I'm doing because I do
believe that it is a very good program
and I want to show you guys how easy it
is to use and the quality that it kicks
out so with that being said let's get to
it
so right off the bat the first thing I
noticed about action was the nice
looking interface that was also easy to
use and navigate it didn't take me very
long to figure out how to work the
program and allowed me to delve right
into doing some recording and that's big
with me if it takes me too long to
figure out how to use a program then
I've already begun to lose interest in
even using it the main screen of action
is the video recording tab it allows you
to switch between the three different
modes games active desktop and active
desktop region it also shows you your
recordings on the left and since it's
probably what most of you would use
anyways let's get right into the regular
game overlay recording mode works pretty
much like you'd imagine
click the controller and now you'll see
an overlay in the corner of your game
that shows when you're recording or not
as well as the frames you're getting as
you can see the video quality of the
recordings you get with action are
pretty damn good your recording
resolution can be changed from 480p 720p
and 1080p or the original size option
frame rates can go all the way up to 60
frames a second what you're seeing right
now is 1080p at 60fps
you'd think recording at 60 frames in
1080p would leave you with huge file
sizes but surprisingly they're not that
bad action does a nice job balancing
quality with encoding the video
efficiently reducing file sizes compared
many other programs out there as
mentioned before action also has two
other recording modes that allow you to
either record your desktop or just a
region of your desktop making it a nice
tool for making tutorials I've actually
been using it to show you the program in
this video the desktop region recording
mode is nice for when you'd like to
record browser-based games here's an
example of one that's on Kongregate that
I recorded I used the region mode to
record this and it worked just fine
action does lack a little bit of
customization options such as the
ability to add multiple sources of input
for audio and it can't be used as a
streaming tool in the way the dxtory can
however it does allow you to record your
mic as well as the game sound for
commentaries just like fraps does
everything you'd need to record
high-quality gameplay is there it's very
easy to use and it's price at $30 makes
it cheaper than some of the other
programs that are out there that do the
same thing overall I'd say action is a
nice solution for anybody who's looking
to record high quality PC gameplay and
doesn't want to have to use anything
that's too complex with its
straightforward and easy to understand
interface it's pretty simple for anyone
to start recording gameplay moments
after installing for 30 bucks I'd say
action is a pretty good deal and would
recommend any of you considering buying
a program to record PC gameplay to
consider marilla's action as a choice
that's pretty much it guys thanks for
watching the video hope you guys enjoyed
it thanks to marilla's for letting me
check out their program I didn't even
know that this program existed and like
I said in the video maybe there's some
of you guys out there that we're
considering buying a PC gameplay
recording program and now you know that
this is out there so thanks for watching
and side note that I wanted to mention
they make also another program Bareilles
I'm talking about they make another
program called splash ax Pro and it's
primarily a video player like an HD
video player that like plays it really
fast and smooths and stuff like that but
what I found it can do and it's been
very helpful for me is I use my iPhone
4s sometimes to vlog and stuff when I
don't feel like bringing my big hulking
camera you know I mean that I'm
recording right now with and that
program has an export feature it's only
the e X Pro version that has that but I
figured I'd mention it anyways
I use it all the time now it exports the
dot MOV files from iPhone 4s
into a more usable and video editor
program friendly format of mp4 and does
it very fast I suppose you could even
use the that export function on splashy
X Pro to to even further compress the
files from action so I've never really
done that much but I figured I'd
mentioned it to you guys because I
figured a lot of you guys that they
probably have an iPhone 4s maybe you're
trying to do vlogging or maybe you just
want a usable format that works better
in video editors from your iPhone and
that was the problem that I have that
the dot MOV didn't really work that well
so yeah that program does that really
well I'll have the link to that as well
as the action program in the description
and since marilla's are awesome they
gave me a link that'll knock off five
bucks if you guys do decide to buy the
program so thanks to them for hooking me
up with that link and giving you guys a
little bit of discount if you did like
the program um that's pretty much it I
think you can try the program on their
site if you want you know before you buy
same cool whole deal as you would expect
but thanks for watching guys I
appreciate it
and I'll see you later